README.md, before:

# Light Query Profiler
> Light Query Profiler is a simple and cross platform query profiler for SQL Server and Azure SQL Database.

## Table of contents
* [General info](#general-info)
* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Status](#status)
* [References](#inspiration)
* [Contact](#contact)

## General info
Light Query Profiler uses [Extended Events](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/extended-events/quick-start-extended-events-in-sql-server?view=sql-server-ver16) to collect data needed to monitor and troubleshoot problems in SQL Server.

&nbsp;
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32686301/190280331-63ca6bb7-c07d-4c12-94c9-582ea36d26c4.png)
&nbsp;

## Technologies
* Blazor      -  v6.0
* Bootstrap   -  v5.1.0
* Chromely    -  v5.2.101
* JavaScript  


## Status
Project is: _in progress_, I am coding as fast as I can ;). Contributions are always welcome, feel free to submit a pull request.

## References
* Chromely - https://github.com/chromelyapps/Chromely

## Contact
Created by [Hildebrando Chávez](mailto:brandochn@gmail.com) - feel free to contact me!

Commit message:

Add more details about the application (#3)

README.md, after:

# Light Query Profiler
> Light Query Profiler is a simple and cross platform query profiler for SQL Server and Azure SQL Database.

## Table of contents
* [General info](#general-info)
* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Status](#status)
* [References](#inspiration)
* [Contact](#contact)

## General info
Light Query Profiler is a desktop application that uses Blazor Server hosting model with [Chromely](https://github.com/chromelyapps/Chromely) as Chromium desktop framework ([CEF](https://bitbucket.org/chromiumembedded/cef)).

Light Query Profiler works with [Extended Events](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/extended-events/quick-start-extended-events-in-sql-server?view=sql-server-ver16) to collect data needed to monitor and troubleshoot issues in SQL Server.

&nbsp;
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32686301/190280331-63ca6bb7-c07d-4c12-94c9-582ea36d26c4.png)
&nbsp;

## Technologies
* Blazor      -  v6.0
* Bootstrap   -  v5.1.0
* Chromely    -  v5.2.101
* JavaScript  


## Status
Project is: _in progress_, I am coding as fast as I can ;). Contributions are always welcome, feel free to submit a pull request.

## References
* Chromely - https://github.com/chromelyapps/Chromely

## Contact
Created by [Hildebrando Chávez](mailto:brandochn@gmail.com) - feel free to contact me!
